HOME
ABOUT US
RHINOPLASTY
BOTOX
GALLERY
CONTACT

REVEAL YOUR
INNER BEAUTY
 

We are here to reveal your natural beauty in the best way with our expertise in aesthetic plastic surgery.

ABOUT BURAK BAYRAKTAR

Op. Dr Burak Bayraktar was born in Bartın in 1977. He started his education life by graduating from Istanbul Saint Joseph French High School in 1996. Then, he graduated from Cerrahpaşa Faculty of Medicine in 2004 and completed his medical education. In 2010, he successfully completed his Otorhinolaryngology (ENT) speciality training at Dokuz Eylül University Faculty of Medicine and gained in-depth knowledge in the field of expertise. Bayraktar, who fulfilled his compulsory service in Muş State Hospital, worked as an Otorhinolaryngologist at Private Rumeli Hospital between 2012-2020. As of 2020, he started to accept patients in his private practice.
Education
Saint-Joseph French High School, 1996
Cerrahpaşa Faculty of Medicine, 2004
Dokuz Eylül University Faculty of Medicine (Otorhinolaryngology Speciality), 2010
Member Associations & Organisations
Turkish Medical Association
National ENT & HNS Foundation
National Facial Plastic Surgery Association

RHINOPLASTY

Rhinoplasty is a surgical procedure known as rhinoplasty surgery. It is performed to correct the shape, size or proportions of the nose. It can also be preferred to eliminate breathing difficulties caused by structural problems in the nose. Rhinoplasty reshapes the bone and cartilage structure of the nose and provides an aesthetic and natural appearance that is compatible with the facial features of the person. It provides both health and aesthetic benefits as it can solve functional problems as well as aesthetic purposes. Rhinoplasty surgery is an operation that requires personalised planning and should be performed by experienced surgeons.

BEAUTIFUL NOSE, BETTER BREATH

Rhinoplasty is not only an aesthetic operation, but also a solution that improves quality of life. Are you unhappy with your nose shape? Or are you experiencing breathing problems? With rhinoplasty, you can change the shape, size and proportions of your nose as you wish, and achieve a perfectly harmonious appearance with your facial features. Moreover, with this operation, you can have a chance to live a healthier life by eliminating your breathing problems.
Rhinoplasty, which is performed with personalised planning, is an effective method that solves both your aesthetic concerns and your health needs together. With our expert team, it is much easier to get the look you want and achieve the natural beauty you dream of! Rebuild your self-confidence with a new nose and continue life with stronger steps.

BOTOX

Botox application to the face and chin is an aesthetic application performed to reduce wrinkles on the skin or to shape some facial contours. Botox allows the muscles to relax by injecting a substance called botulinum toxin into certain muscles, which helps to reduce wrinkles or correct the shape of the face. The procedure is usually minimally invasive, meaning that it does not require a surgical intervention.
Application Areas of Botox to Face:
Between the Forehead and Eyebrows (Glabella):
Horizontal lines on the forehead and vertical lines between the two eyebrows can be alleviated with botox.
Eye Contour (Goose Foot):
Fine lines that appear during laughter can be softened with botox applied around the eyes.
Nose Contour (Bunny Lines):
Fine lines near the nose can be reduced by applying botox to the nose area.

Botox Application to the Chin:
Chin Tip:
Conditions such as pitting and roughness on the chin tip can be softened with botox.
Application to the Masseter Muscle (Chewing Muscle):
As a result of excessive muscle development in the chin, a significant enlargement or square appearance may occur in the lower part of the face. In this case, the jaw line can be thinned and a more oval face appearance can be achieved with botox application to the masseter muscle. In addition, teeth clenching or grinding problems can also be solved with this procedure.
Effects and Side Effects of Botox Procedure:
The effect of botox usually lasts 3-6 months and then a renewal procedure may be required.
Side effects such as mild swelling, redness or bruising may occur during or after the application. In rare cases, side effects such as temporary loss of muscle control may occur.

Application Security and Expert Selection:
For the safety of botox application, it is important that the procedure is performed by an experienced dermatologist or aesthetic surgery specialist. Injecting the wrong points or overdose of botox may cause an unnatural appearance.
Botox is a safe method when applied properly and in expert hands, and the results usually become visible in a short time.

GALLERY

BEFORE / AFTER

CONTACT

Our Adress

Contact Us
Name
Name
E-mail
example@mail.com
Phone
555 555 55 55
Description
Send

Home
About Us
Rhinoplasty
Botox
Gallery
Contact
Instagram
YouTube
WhatsApp
E-mail
Address